Update upgrading cookbook (#623)
graphprotocol/docs: website/pages/en/sunrise.mdx

### What are the phases of the sunrise of decentralized data?

> **Sunray**: Enable support for hosted service chains, introduce a seamless upgrade flow, offer a free plan on The Graph Network, and simple payment options.  

Reviewer: Nitpick but the last item in the enumeration is missing a verb so what do you think about:

```suggestion
**Sunray**: Enable support for hosted service chains, introduce a seamless upgrade flow, offer a free plan on The Graph Network as well as simple payment options.  
```
